Make WCS creation and header creation more lenient (#3645)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3645.bugfix.rst

> Correctly catch and emit a warning when converting a map metadata to a FITS

Reviewer: Sorry:
```suggestion
Correctly catch and emit a warning when converting map metadata to a FITS
```

Reviewer 2: Too late 🤣

> Correctly catch and emit a warning when a .fits file contains a key word with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly catch and emit a warning when converting a map metadata to a FITS header and it contains a keyword with
```

Reviewer 2: Stupid GH suggestions. Fixed manually.
